com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemMuscleBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemMuscleBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/DialogExCreatorBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.DialogExCreatorBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemUneditableExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemUneditableExerciseBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/FragmentViewScheduleBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.FragmentViewScheduleBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/FragmentMusclesBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.FragmentMusclesBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/FragmentGroupEditBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.FragmentGroupEditBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/DialogMuscleCreatorBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.DialogMuscleCreatorBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/DialogMuscleEditorBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.DialogMuscleEditorBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemGroupedUneditableExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemGroupedUneditableExerciseBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemMusclePickerBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemMusclePickerBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/DialogFilterDisplayableItemsBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.DialogFilterDisplayableItemsBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemExerciseBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/FragmentGroupsBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.FragmentGroupsBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.BuildConfig
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemTargetmuscleDisplayBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemTargetmuscleDisplayBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemPickableCircleBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemPickableCircleBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/DialogCalendarBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.DialogCalendarBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/DialogSearchableSpinnerBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.DialogSearchableSpinnerBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/BtnCircleBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.BtnCircleBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/DialogPageViewSliderBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.DialogPageViewSliderBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemSsElementBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemSsElementBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/DialogExEditorBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.DialogExEditorBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemGroupBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemGroupBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/ItemUneditableGroupBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.ItemUneditableGroupBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/FragmentManageSchedulesBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.FragmentManageSchedulesBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/FragmentExercisesBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.FragmentExercisesBinding
com/example/exercisemanager/databinding/FragmentScheduleEditorBinding.java
 com.example.exercisemanager.databinding.FragmentScheduleEditorBinding
